mega antenna you will start with some 12
gauge housewife you have scrapped which
I have plenty of you simply do is you
cut with a razor blade there right down
the middle and you pull out your
sections this is white wire and then
this is the black wire and then you got
the copper ground when you take the
ground and first remark with your screws
go you take the ground and you've been
into a loop about a foot long it seems
about like that what I've been doing
here is see everything I take my wire
cutters cuz a course is 12 gauge to
places and take a razor blade down the
middle right here and I pull this off
like that and I bend it around the
school what you need at the end we're
going to put this on this is available
radio shack and ice have to have one
laying around I'm gonna keep weaving it
and that in the wire and put the wire on
you basically just go like the office
tie it tight we put back around this way
that and I tighten screw down and those
are your plugs supple antenna this is a
two-by-four about a foot of water
probably a little bit shorter alright
it's finished starting here criss cross
the wires crossed bit I'll touching all
the way Pete all it's finished I like
you try it now this is my old antenna I
built that's just stripped coaxial cable
hopefully this will get better reception
I don't know what to see damn channel
scan right now said nineteen percent I
got 620 I've got six so far 78
9 I should you get nine ten wow I've
never gotten 10 before it holds at ten
i'll be happy mind I'm deep in the
sticks to you know
right now it's holding steady at 18 to
17 and did a strength signal level so
I'm going to move it around and see if I
can get a little better straighten out
the metal prongs a little bit I got to
twenty percent a little bit better could
put up hiring it more and I'm redoing
chance can I got this tin saved already
so let's see if I get one more channel
and I'm gonna check the channels uh yeah
strength level so far looks like I've
gotten it I haven't gotten a bc i've
gotten fox5 you know and all the local
stations afraid bc which is America's
ABC has nothing well they do sometimes
synopsis I made antenna works better
than the one I built before out coaxial
it is just wire scrap but it seems to
work great I think in the future I would
try making the wires go out longer I
think that would help and also maybe add
more of them and maybe a crisscross one
like always i'm out adding a crisscross
one on top I think that meant cooler
criss cross piece